docs: Add Deployment Docs (#246)
redhat-et/apex: docs/deployment.md

Deployment
==========

> In order to follow our "Service First" guiding principal, we deploy Apex continuously as a service on [OperateFirst](https://operate-first.cloud) using GitOps.

Reviewer: You could add a footnote on this guiding principle in the main README that links to this page for how we're putting it into practice.

## Kubernetes Manifests

Our project is deployed to Kubernetes using [kustomize](https://kustomize.io/).
This enables Apex to be easily adapted for different deployment scenarios.

> The base apex manifests live in `./deploy/apex/base` and we offer two overlays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base apex manifests live in `./deploy/apex/base`, and we offer two overlays
```

- Development - `./deploy/apex/overlays/dev`
- Operate First - `./deploy/apex/overlays/operate-first`

## Build Pipeline

We use GitHub Actions as our build pipeline.
Each Pull Request is gated by automated tests that are run in the `build` workflow.

> On each merge to the `main` branch the `deploy` workflow is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each merge to the `main` branch, the `deploy` workflow is triggered.
```

This workflow:

1. Builds container images and pushes them to quay.io
1. Updates the image tags in `./deploy/apex/overlays/operate-first` and commits this change back to the repository

> This ensures that the desired state of our OperateFirst deployment is checked in to git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that the desired state of our OperateFirst deployment is checked into git.
```

## Deployment Pipeline

Deployment of Apex on OperateFirst is managed by [ArgoCD](https://argocd.operate-first.cloud/applications/apex-smaug).

> The ArgoCD project configuration lives [here](https://github.com/operate-first/apps/blob/master/argocd/overlays/moc-infra/projects/apex.yaml) and our ArgoCD Application configuration lives [here](https://github.com/operate-first/apps/blob/master/argocd/overlays/moc-infra/applications/envs/moc/smaug/apex/apex.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ArgoCD project configuration lives [here](https://github.com/operate-first/apps/blob/master/argocd/overlays/moc-infra/projects/apex.yaml), and our ArgoCD Application configuration lives [here](https://github.com/operate-first/apps/blob/master/argocd/overlays/moc-infra/applications/envs/moc/smaug/apex/apex.yaml).
```
